Add usage reporter to track feature flags (#1661)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

- Introduce SNMP exporter integration. (@v-zhuravlev)

> - Introduce ebpf exporter v2 integration. (@tpaschalis)

Reviewer: I think this remained as part of some rebase.

- Introduce ebpf exporter v2 integration. (@tpaschalis)

> - Add ability to configure agent to report to grafana.com the usage of feature flags (@marctc)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Configure the agent to report the use of feature flags to grafana.com. (@marctc)
```

### Enhancements

> - integrations-next: Integrations using autoscrape will now autoscrape metrics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- integrations-next: Integrations using autoscrape now auto-scrape metrics.
```

Author: This wasn't introduce by me but we can change anyway

Reviewer: The sentence goes on in the line below, maybe this change should be reverted?
